---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Software & Me
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-01-22
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - JavaScript
---

## Starting Out

We all start from somewhere, for me it was when I chose a STEM class as an elective at my high school. This was where I had my first experience with programming, where I learned basic HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I had always wanted a job that related to computers in some way as technology, especially computers, had always interested me since I was a kid. Though this class really opened my eyes to the world of programming. Eventually I graduated from high school and enrolled as a student at the University of Hawaii. When the time came to pick my major, I didn't have many doubts about what I wanted to do in the future and chose to major in Computer Science.

Software engineering has always been a field that interests me. Being able to develop and design software used by a wide range of people is something that peaked my interest when looking into the field. Though I wish to pursue a career as a game developer, I feel that software engineering can and will teach me a lot about programming in general. Through this class I hope to improve my skills in problem solving and to become proficient at the variety of skills we will be learning in this class. I also hope to expand my professional portfolio with projects that employers will be amazed at. 

I feel this class will also be a great opputunity for me to work on important projects with a team. Allowing me to gain the experience of working on huge projects with others and being able to work efficiently and effectively as a team. I think this group work will also be beneficial due to the fact that I will be working with a wide variety of people who will offer me different perspectives into the same subject. Which will hopefully allow me to expand my views on programming as a whole.

## Looking Towards the Future

In the future I hope to apply the skills that I learn in this class towards my goal of becoming a game developer. I'm sure that the skills and experiences I gain in this class will be able to provide me new perspectives on not only software engineering, but on programming as a whole. I feel that after this class my perspective on computer science as a whole will be expanding and hope to use the skill set and fresh perspective I gain from this class to create imaginative and quality projects in the future.
